So the equals part of the if statement here is called an operator.  So you can check for other things
other than just if it's equal; you can check mathematical conditions, you can check if it's a file
or if it's a directory,
and much more. There's a pretty good list of them on this site, which I have in the notes.
And I can never remember them all myself,
so I always reference this one.
So you can see, like, if it's a file, if the file exists, if it's, uh, the file exists and it's
readable.  You can check all sorts of different stuff...if it's modified since it was last read,
and then here's some of the other type of things you can do: if the strings are equal, not equal.
And then there's all these useful ones for mathematical type stuff: equals, not equals, less than, less
than or equal...all that stuff.
So I'll just reference this page if you ever want to see which which ones you might be able to use in
your script, and then I'm going to cover some of these more common ones like these in the next lecture.